[Map] Add support for `libraries` for Google Bridge, inject provider's SDK (`L` or `google`) to dispatched events (#2044)
symfony/ux: src/Map/src/Bridge/Google/README.md

| `region`    | Unicode region subtag identifiers compatible with [ISO 3166-1](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-1)                           |                                                             |
| `nonce`     | Use a cryptographic nonce attribute                                                                                                |                                                             |
| `retries`   | The number of script load retries                                                                                                  | 3                                                           |
| `url`       | Custom url to load the Google Maps API script                                                                                      | `https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/api/js`                   |
| `version`   | The release channels or version numbers                                                                                            | `weekly`                                                    |

> | `libraries` | The additional libraries to load, see [list of supported libraries](https://googlemaps.github.io/js-api-loader/types/Library.html) | `['maps', 'marker']`, those two libraries are always loaded |

Reviewer: Should that be in controller.json or something like that ?

Author: What do you mean?

// Add the custom options to the map
$map->options($googleOptions);
```
## Use cases

Below are some common or advanced use cases when using a map.

> > **Note**:
> > As the UX Map component is new, there are not too many examples for the moment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**:
> As the UX Map component is new, there are not too many examples for the moment.
```

No need to add that. And README.md won't be the place were many examples would be added i think. More something for documentation and/or demos :)

### Customize the marker

A common use case is to customize the marker. You can listen to the `ux:map:marker:before-create` event to customize the marker before it is created.

Assuming you have a map with a custom controller:
```twig
{{ render_map(map, {'data-controller': 'my-map' }) }}
```

> You can create a controller to customize the marker before it is created:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create a Stimulus controller to customize the markers before they are created:
```

wdyt ?

```js
// assets/controllers/my_map_controller.js
import {Controller} from "@hotwired/stimulus";

export default class extends Controller
{
    connect() {

>         this.element.addEventListener('ux:map:marker:before-create', this._onMarkerBeforeCreate);

Reviewer: This is new: `ux:map:marker:before-create` ? 

Or did i left way too long to remember ? (4 days hahaha)

Author: Always has been here ;)

    }

    disconnect() {
        // Always remove listeners when the controller is disconnected
        this.element.removeEventListener('ux:map:marker:before-create', this._onMarkerBeforeCreate);
    }

    _onMarkerBeforeCreate(event) {
        // You can access the marker definition and the google object
        // Note: `definition.rawOptions` is the raw options object that will be passed to the `google.maps.Marker` constructor. 
        const { definition, google } = event.detail;

        // 1. To use a custom image for the marker 
        const beachFlagImg = document.createElement("img");
        // Note: instead of using an hardcoded URL, you can use the `extra` parameter from `new Marker()` (PHP) and access it here with `definition.extra`.

>         beachFlagImg.src = "https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/examples/full/images/beachflag.png";

Reviewer: I think we should illustrate this example with a controller "value"

        definition.rawOptions =  { 
            content: beachFlagImg
        }
      
        // 2. To use a custom glyph for the marker
        const pinElement = new google.maps.marker.PinElement({
            // Note: instead of using an hardcoded URL, you can use the `extra` parameter from `new Marker()` (PHP) and access it here with `definition.extra`. 

>             glyph: new URL(String('https://maps.gstatic.com/mapfiles/place_api/icons/v2/museum_pinlet.svg')), 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            glyph: new URL('https://maps.gstatic.com/mapfiles/place_api/icons/v2/museum_pinlet.svg'), 
```

cf https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/URL/URL#url
